Update how-to-configure-student-usage.md (#110008)
Azure/azure-content: articles/lab-services/how-to-configure-student-usage.md

    Azure Lab Services automatically pulls the list of users from Azure AD, and refreshes the list every 24 hours.

    Optionally, you can select **Sync** in the **Users** tab to manually synchronize to the latest changes in the Azure AD group.
    

> Users are auto registered to the lab and VMs are automatically assigned when the VM pool syncs with the AAD group. Educators don't need to send invitations and students don't need to register for the lab separately.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
Users are auto-registered to the lab and VMs are automatically assigned when the VM pool syncs with the Azure AD group. Educators don't need to send invitations and students don't need to register for the lab separately.    
```
